Q.   What is CDN / Content Delivery Network?
Ans: Content Delivery Network is a geographically distributed group of servers that caches content close to 
end users.

Q.    What is cross origin?
Ans:  Anything that is not of same origin be it protocol, port or domain is a cross origin.
for example:
http://akshaysaini.in and https://akshaysaini.in are cross origin because they use different protocols.
http://akshaysaini.in and http://akshaysaini.in:8080 are cross origin because they use different ports.
http://akshaysaini.in and http://www.google.com are cross origin because they are different domains.


Q.      What is Emmet?
Ans:    Emmet is a built in feature in VS Code where we can use emmet abbreviations which expand 
        automatically into code snippets so that we can focus on important stuff.

Q.      Difference between library and framework?
Ans:    Library is a collection of a few packages and dependencies. 
        A library provides a set of helper functions/objects/modules which your 
        application code calls for specific functionality. Libraries typically focus 
        on a narrow scope, so their API’s also tend to be smaller and require fewer dependencies.
        
        * Libraries serve only a particular functionality whereas a framework gives a set of tools 
        and functionalities to developers for developing a large scale application

Q.      Why is react known as react?
Ans:    React is aptly named because:
        It "reacts" quickly to changes without reloading the whole page.
        It uses the virtual DOM to efficiently update parts of a webpage.
        It’s built around components that "react" and update.

Q.      What is cross origin in script tag?
Ans:    The crossorigin attribute sets the mode of the request to an HTTP CORS Request.
        
        Web pages often make requests to load resources on other servers. Here is where CORS comes in.

        A cross-origin request is a request for a resource (e.g. style sheets, iframes, images, fonts, or scripts) 
        from another domain.

        CORS is used to manage cross-origin requests.
        CORS stands for Cross-Origin Resource Sharing, and is a mechanism that allows resources on a web page to be 
        requested from another domain outside their own domain. It defines a way of how a browser and server can 
        interact to determine whether it is safe to allow the cross-origin request. CORS allows servers to specify 
        who can access the assets on the server, among many other things.

        Tip: The opposite of cross-origin requests is same-origin requests. This means that a web page can only interact 
        with other documents that are also on the same server. This policy enforces that documents that interact with each 
        other must have the same origin (domain).

Q.      Difference between react and react-dom?
Ans:    React is the core functionality, whereas react-dom is related to the updates/manipulations on the DOM.
        React contains functionality utilised in web and mobile apps. ReactDOM functionality is utilised only in web apps

Q.      What is difference between react.development.js and react.production.js files via CDN?
Ans:    Development vs. Production Builds
        React official website provides two versions of React: an uncompressed version for development and a minified version for production. 
        The development version includes extra warnings about common mistakes, whereas the production version 
        includes extra performance optimizations and strips all error messages.

Q.      What is async and defer?
Ans:    Async and defer are boolean attributes we provide in script tag so that whenever html parsing is done 
        and encounters the script tag with async or defer in it, HTML parsing is halted based on async or defer.
        
        case Async: when async attribute is present, HTML parsing and fetching of scripts is done parallelly. 
        Once scripts are fetched, HTML parsing is stopped and scripts are executed only after that, HTML parsing 
        continues.

        case defer: in this case, HTML parsing and fetching of scripts both are done parallelly. However, 
        HTML parsing doesn't stop and scripts are executed only when HTML parsing is completed.

